Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-assignment-4-voip-part-2-gantt-and-pert-charts
<br>
Update the Microsoft Project file you created in Assignment 3: VoIP Part 2 (Work Breakdown Structure) with the following changes:

Set property values to denote progress in at least fifteen (15) of the line items.Set properties so that at least one (1) of the main tasks is behind schedule.Create a Gantt chart for your project.Take a screenshot of the Gantt chart which can later be inserted into your written paper.Create a PERT diagram that identifies the critical path.Take a screenshot of the PERT chart which can later be inserted into your written paper.Note: If you need a tutorial on taking a screen shot, visit one of the following locations: (PC users: http://www.take-a-screenshot.org/) (MAC users: http://binged.it/1xriOcN).

Write a two to three (2-3) page paper in which you:

Compare and contrast the information that one receives from a Gantt chart, versus that of a PERT diagram.Examine the advantages of using a Gantt chart over a PERT chart and vice versa. Determine when it is appropriate to use one over the other. Justify your response.Assess the importance of the critical path in project management.Insert the screenshots of the Gantt and PERT charts you created based on the provided criteria. Elaborate on the status of the VoIP deployment project based on the updated information. Note: The graphical representations do not count toward the overall page requirement.Use at least two (2) quality resources in this assignment. Note: Wikipedia and similar Websites do not qualify as quality resources.Your assignment must follow these formatting requirements:

Be typed, double spaced, using Times New Roman font (size 12), with one-inch margins on all sides; citations and references must follow APA or school-specific format. Check with your professor for any additional instructions.Include a cover page containing the title of the assignment, the student’s name, the professor’s name, the course title, and the date. The cover page and the reference page are not included in the required assignment page length.Import completed diagrams, charts, or screenshots into the Word document before the paper is submitted.The specific course learning outcomes associated with this assignment are:

Distinguish among various time management techniques such as CPM, Gantt charts, and the PERT method.Use project management and graphic software to plan and manage a project throughout the project life cycle.Use technology and information resources to research issues in IT project management.Write clearly and concisely about issues in IT project management using proper writing mechanics and technical style conventions.Click here to view the grading rubric for this assignment.

By submitting this paper, you agree: (1) that you are submitting your paper to be used and stored as part of the SafeAssign&#x2122; services in accordance with the Blackboard Privacy Policy; (2) that your institution may use your paper in accordance with your institution’s policies; and (3) that your use of SafeAssign will be without recourse against Blackboard Inc. and its affiliates.